# SocialFi

As the most important focus of the SomeFi City platform, SocialFi enables users’ social behavior to become the most direct way to earn SOFI token rewards. Social interaction in SomeFi City is very interesting, and behind every social behavior lies SomeFi City's deep ‘virtual reality economics", making the game fun and scientific at the same time.&#x20;

It is ‘realistic’ because the behavior in SomeFi City often does not contradict the common sense of economics. It is ‘virtual’ because the rules themselves have been adjusted to show the wondertul side of the virtual world. We hope that users can understand the scarcity of resources, allocate their assets wisely, and feel the joy of life in the metaverse. Just as hanging out with friends in SomeFi City is the most "efficient" economic behavior.&#x20;

Creating, experiencing, sharing, and growing together. We want the users and their friends not just simply complete tasks together, but work together to double the total amount of fun. The most important social aspect in SomeFi City is exploration and visiting. The underlying logic of the social aspect corresponds to the economics of "scarcity". Each area and each of the companions will have their own specialties and characteristics. Users can experience SomeFi City's extensive metaverse content through fun exploration and visits! Visit your friends, and call on them to have fun and earn rewards. Explore the different corners of each area, where random rewards await you.
